PseudoTV for XBMC


What is it?
    It's channel-surfing for your media center.  Never again will you have to
actually pick what you want to watch.  Use an electronis program guide (EPG)
to view what's on or select a show to watch.  This script will let you create
your own channels and, you know, watch them.  Doesn't actually sound useful
when I have to write it in a readme.  Eh, try it and decide if it works for
you.


Features
    - Make each channel the way you want it to be.
    - Use an EPG and view what was on, is on, and will be on.  Would you rather
        see something that will be on later?  Select it and watch it now!
    - Want to pause a channel while you watch another?  And then come back to
        it and have it be paused still?  Sounds like a weird request to me, but
        if you want to do it you certainly can.  It's a feature!
    - An idle-timer makes sure you aren't spinning a hard-drive needlessly all
        night.
    - Discover the other features on your own (so that I don't have to).


How to use this
    First, install it.  This is self-explanatory (hopefully).  Second, setup
your channels.  To do this, create a smart playlist.  The name of the playlist
is also the name your channel will have (that should be a feature...maybe I'll
add it at some point).  This part is important: when it asks you what the file-
name of the playlist should be, name it "Channel_x" where 'x' is the number of
the channel.  If you have made channels 1 and 2, though, don't skip to 4.  You
must have sequential numbers or things will not work the way you'd like.
    So when this thing starts up for the first time, it will read your play-
lists and setup everything.  Depending on how many channels you have and how
many items are in each, this may take a couple of minutes.  After the first
time, channels will only be updated occasionally.  Don't worry about when or
why, just trust that it happens sometimes.
    Oh! One other important thing.  This relies on the fact that your movies
and TV shows have known durations.  You can make this happen by going to each
show, selecting "All Seasons", and waiting for the "Total Duration" to stop
increasing.  Now that I think about it, this may only apply to the default
skin...not sure how it works with others.  Anyway, make sure this is done at
least once.


Settings
    There are currently only 2 settings.  You can set how long the idle timer
is, which is in minutes.  No real explanation needed for this.  The other
setting forces all of the channels to be re-analyzed.  You may want to do this
if you change the smart playlist for a channel.